documents/ComputeCpp_GettingStarted.asciidoc, before:

:toc:
:homepage: http://www.codeplay.com/computecpp
:doctype: article
:version: 0.1.4
:author: Codeplay Software Ltd. <sycl@codeplay.com>
:source-highlighter: coderay
:coderay-css: style
:copycss:
:linkcss:
 
 
ifdef::env-github[]
 
:computecppUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com
:syclSpecUrl: http://www.khronos.org/registry/sycl/specs/sycl-1.2.pdf
:spirUrl: http://www.khronos.org/faq/spir
:platformSupportUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/platform-support-notes
:computecppInfoUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/information-manual
:ccpApiDoc: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/api-guide/
:computeppUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/computepp-manual
:streamUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/stream-manual
:syclParallelStlUrl: https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SyclParallelSTL
:computecppAnatomyOfAnApp: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Anatomy_Of_App
:computecppIntegrationGuide: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Integration_Guide
:computecppOverview: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Overview
:opencl12Url: https://www.khronos.org/registry/cl/specs/opencl-1.2.pdf
:computecppReleaseNotesUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/latest/Release_notes
:eigenSYCLUrl: https://github.com/benoitsteiner/tensorflow-opencl
:computecppDownload: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/download
:computecppSamples: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/tree/master/samples
:computecppgithub: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk
:cmake: https://cmake.org/
 
:glossaryCommandGroupFunctor: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#command-group-functor[SYCL command group functor]
:glossaryCommandGroup: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#command-group[Command Group]
:glossaryCommandGroupScope: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#command-group-scope[Command Group Scope]
:glossaryKernelFunctor: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#kernel-functor[Kernel Functor]
:glossaryKernelScope: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#kernel-scope[Kernel Scope]
:glossaryAccessor: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#accessor[Accessor]
:glossarySyclRuntime: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#sycl-runtime[SYCL Runtime]
:glossaryNDRange: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#ndrange-nd-range[ND-range]
:glossaryKernelDispatch: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#kernel-dispatch[Kernel Dispatch]
 
:imageComputeCppLogo: /codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/images/ComputeCpp.png
:imagePackageContent: /codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/images/ComputeCppPackageContent.png
:imageParallelFor: /codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/images/parallel_for_execution.png
endif::env-github[]
 
ifndef::env-github[]
include::adoc_links.adoc[]
 
:glossaryCommandGroupFunctor: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#CommandGroupFunctor, Command Group Functor>>
:glossaryCommandGroup: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#CommandGroup, Command Group>>
:glossaryCommandGroupScope: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#CommandGroupScope, Command Group Scope>>
:glossaryKernelFunctor: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#KernelFunctor,Kernel Functor>>
:glossaryKernelScope: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#KernelScope, Kernel Scope>>
:glossaryAccessor: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#Accessor, Accessor>>
:glossarySyclRuntime: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#SYCLRuntime, SYCL Runtime>>
:glossaryNDRange: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#NDRange, ND-range>>
:glossaryKernelDispatch: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#KernelDispatch, Kernel Dispatch>>
 
:imageComputeCppLogo: images/ComputeCpp.svg
:imagePackageContent: images/ComputeCppPackageContent.svg
:imageParallelFor: images/parallel_for_execution.svg
 
:computecppDownload: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/download
:computecppSamples: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/tree/master/samples
:computecppAnatomyOfAnApp: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/reference/ComputeCpp_Anatomy_Of_App
:computecppIntegrationGuide: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/reference/ComputeCpp_Integration_Guide
:computecppOverview: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/reference/ComputeCpp_Overview
:platformSupportUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/platform-support-notes
:cmake: https://cmake.org/
:computecppgithub: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk
:eigenSYCLUrl: https://github.com/benoitsteiner/tensorflow-opencl

endif::env-github[]
 
image::{imageComputeCppLogo}[ComputeCpp (TM)]
 
:numbered!:
[abstract]
==  ComputeCpp(TM) Community Edition (CE): Beta Release
 
ComputeCpp Community Edition (CE) is a heterogeneous parallel programming
platform that provides a beta pre-conformant implementantion of SYCL(TM) 1.2
Khronos link:{syclSpecUrl}[specification].
 
ComputeCpp CE {version} beta release includes the ComputeCpp CE Package version
{version} and ComputeCpp CE SDK version {version}. The supported OpenCL 1.2
platforms for ComputeCpp CE beta release, are AMD(TM) and Intel(TM).
 
This ComputeCpp Package version {version} supports SYCL pass:[C++] libraries 
for better integration with pass:[C++] frameworks and applications like 
link:{syclParallelStlUrl}[SYCL Parallel STL], math libraries like 
link:{eigenSYCLUrl}[SYCL Eigen Tensor Library] and machine vision libraries. 
 
 
== Getting started with SYCL(TM) using ComputeCpp(TM)
If you want to know more about what ComputeCpp, SYCL and OpenCL are, take a 
look at the link:{computecppOverview}[ComputeCpp Overview] section.
 
This guide will show you how to set up your environment for ComputeCpp then compile
and execute a simple code sample, this should take around 15 minutes. After that
you can examine the code and discover how ComputeCpp follows the OpenCL execution model.

For full information on ComputeCpp platform support you can read the link:{computecppIntegrationGuide}[Platform Support Notes].
 
==== Step 1: Download ComputeCpp Community Edition
If you have not already, link:{computecppDownload}[download the archive containg ComputeCpp] and extract it
somewhere on your computer.
Now clone the ComputeCpp package from GitHub that contains the sample code link:{computecppgithub}[here].

==== Step 2: Install any pre-requisite tools you do not already have
The pre-requisites for this guide are as follows, if you do not already have these 
environments installed you'll need to get them now. We don't provide a guide to 
setting up an OpenCL environment here, but there are plenty on the internet.

- CMake (version 3.2.2 and above)
- OpenCL 1.2-capable hardware and drivers with SPIR 1.2 support
- OpenCL ICD Loader
- OpenCL headers
- gcc (version 4.8 and above)

==== Step 2: Check your hardware support
ComputeCpp includes a tool called computecpp_info. This allows you to check whether
the hardware on your target machine is supported by ComputeCpp. It will also tell 
us if the pre-requisites have been met.
 
In a Terminal command line change to the "bin" folder in the location you extracted 
ComputeCpp to and type the command:
 
`>./computecpp_info`

The output of this command will look something like this.
 
```
********************************************************************************

ComputeCpp Info (CE 0.1.4)

********************************************************************************

Toolchain information:

GLIBCXX: 20150426
This version of libstdc++ is supported.

********************************************************************************


Device Info:

Discovered 1 devices matching:
  platform    : <any>
  device type : <any>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Device 0:

  Device is supported                     : YES - Tested internally by Codeplay Software Ltd.
  CL_DEVICE_NAME                          : Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6600U CPU @ 2.60GHz
  CL_DEVICE_VENDOR                        : Intel(R) Corporation
  CL_DRIVER_VERSION                       : 1.2.0.25
  CL_DEVICE_TYPE                          : CL_DEVICE_TYPE_CPU 
********************************************************************************
```
 
This output will show what CPUs or GPUs on your hardware that are supported by ComputeCpp.
There is also a guide for the computecpp_info tool, and a Supported Platforms guide.
 
==== Step 3: Set up the ComputeCpp build environment
The sample code for ComputeCpp is built using CMake (minimum v 3.2.2), you can find out
more about CMake link:{cmake}[here].
 
Most Linux platforms also offer CMake through a packaging system such as wget or apt-get making
it easy to install.
 
The CMake variable `COMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR` must be set in order to build with ComputeCpp.
  
This should be set to the root directory of the ComputeCpp install (i.e the directory
with the folders bin, include, lib)
 
==== Step 4: Build a ComputeCpp application
We’ll now build the simple_vector_add sample code, this application adds two vectors of
scalar type on a SYCL device.
 
First in the terminal change to the root directory of the package you cloned from GitHub.
This is the folder containing "samples" and "documents"

`mkdir build`

Now change into that directory

`cd build`

Then call cmake to build all the sample code in the package

`cmake ../samples -DCOMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR=/path/to/computecpp`


`make`

This will build the executable for the sample code.
 
==== Step 5: Execute a ComputeCpp application
In the same folder where we called "make" simply call the generated file to execute

`>./simple_vector_add`
 
When successful you will see an ouput in the terminal window whether the programming
executed successfully or not.
 
==== Step 6: Modify a ComputeCpp application
This sample application adds two simple vectors together. These vectors are held in 
arrays within the code.

The application adds A and B together and puts the sum into C, and also adds D and E 
together and puts them in F.

Change some of the numbers in the arrays, build again using the `make` command and 
then execute again in the same way as in “Step 5.”
 
We now recommend that you find out more about how ComputeCpp application are 
structured in the link:{computecppAnatomyOfAnApp}[Anatomy Of A ComputeCpp Application] article.

You can also explore the other link:{computecppSamples}[Sample Code] applications and 
read the link:{computecppIntegrationGuide}[ComputeCpp Integration Guide].

Commit message:

Improvements to documentation
Made it clearer where to execute the built sample code

documents/ComputeCpp_GettingStarted.asciidoc, after:

:toc:
:homepage: http://www.codeplay.com/computecpp
:doctype: article
:version: 0.1.4
:author: Codeplay Software Ltd. <sycl@codeplay.com>
:source-highlighter: coderay
:coderay-css: style
:copycss:
:linkcss:
 
 
ifdef::env-github[]
 
:computecppUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com
:syclSpecUrl: http://www.khronos.org/registry/sycl/specs/sycl-1.2.pdf
:spirUrl: http://www.khronos.org/faq/spir
:platformSupportUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/platform-support-notes
:computecppInfoUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/information-manual
:ccpApiDoc: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/api-guide/
:computeppUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/computepp-manual
:streamUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/stream-manual
:syclParallelStlUrl: https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SyclParallelSTL
:computecppAnatomyOfAnApp: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Anatomy_Of_App
:computecppIntegrationGuide: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Integration_Guide
:computecppOverview: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Overview
:opencl12Url: https://www.khronos.org/registry/cl/specs/opencl-1.2.pdf
:computecppReleaseNotesUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/latest/Release_notes
:eigenSYCLUrl: https://github.com/benoitsteiner/tensorflow-opencl
:computecppDownload: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/download
:computecppSamples: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/tree/master/samples
:computecppgithub: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk
:cmake: https://cmake.org/
 
:glossaryCommandGroupFunctor: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#command-group-functor[SYCL command group functor]
:glossaryCommandGroup: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#command-group[Command Group]
:glossaryCommandGroupScope: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#command-group-scope[Command Group Scope]
:glossaryKernelFunctor: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#kernel-functor[Kernel Functor]
:glossaryKernelScope: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#kernel-scope[Kernel Scope]
:glossaryAccessor: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#accessor[Accessor]
:glossarySyclRuntime: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#sycl-runtime[SYCL Runtime]
:glossaryNDRange: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#ndrange-nd-range[ND-range]
:glossaryKernelDispatch: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/ComputeCpp_Glossary#kernel-dispatch[Kernel Dispatch]
 
:imageComputeCppLogo: /codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/images/ComputeCpp.png
:imagePackageContent: /codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/images/ComputeCppPackageContent.png
:imageParallelFor: /codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/wiki/images/parallel_for_execution.png
endif::env-github[]
 
ifndef::env-github[]
include::adoc_links.adoc[]
 
:glossaryCommandGroupFunctor: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#CommandGroupFunctor, Command Group Functor>>
:glossaryCommandGroup: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#CommandGroup, Command Group>>
:glossaryCommandGroupScope: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#CommandGroupScope, Command Group Scope>>
:glossaryKernelFunctor: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#KernelFunctor,Kernel Functor>>
:glossaryKernelScope: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#KernelScope, Kernel Scope>>
:glossaryAccessor: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#Accessor, Accessor>>
:glossarySyclRuntime: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#SYCLRuntime, SYCL Runtime>>
:glossaryNDRange: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#NDRange, ND-range>>
:glossaryKernelDispatch: <<ComputeCpp_Glossary.asciidoc#KernelDispatch, Kernel Dispatch>>
 
:imageComputeCppLogo: images/ComputeCpp.svg
:imagePackageContent: images/ComputeCppPackageContent.svg
:imageParallelFor: images/parallel_for_execution.svg
 
:computecppDownload: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/download
:computecppSamples: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk/tree/master/samples
:computecppAnatomyOfAnApp: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/reference/ComputeCpp_Anatomy_Of_App
:computecppIntegrationGuide: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/reference/ComputeCpp_Integration_Guide
:computecppOverview: https://www.codeplay.com/products/computesuite/computecpp/reference/ComputeCpp_Overview
:platformSupportUrl: https://computecpp.codeplay.com/releases/latest/platform-support-notes
:cmake: https://cmake.org/
:computecppgithub: https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk
:eigenSYCLUrl: https://github.com/benoitsteiner/tensorflow-opencl

endif::env-github[]
 
image::{imageComputeCppLogo}[ComputeCpp (TM)]
 
:numbered!:
[abstract]
==  ComputeCpp(TM) Community Edition (CE): Beta Release
 
ComputeCpp Community Edition (CE) is a heterogeneous parallel programming
platform that provides a beta pre-conformant implementantion of SYCL(TM) 1.2
Khronos link:{syclSpecUrl}[specification].
 
ComputeCpp CE {version} beta release includes the ComputeCpp CE Package version
{version} and ComputeCpp CE SDK version {version}. The supported OpenCL 1.2
platforms for ComputeCpp CE beta release, are AMD(TM) and Intel(TM).
 
This ComputeCpp Package version {version} supports SYCL pass:[C++] libraries 
for better integration with pass:[C++] frameworks and applications like 
link:{syclParallelStlUrl}[SYCL Parallel STL], math libraries like 
link:{eigenSYCLUrl}[SYCL Eigen Tensor Library] and machine vision libraries. 
 
 
== Getting started with SYCL(TM) using ComputeCpp(TM)
If you want to know more about what ComputeCpp, SYCL and OpenCL are, take a 
look at the link:{computecppOverview}[ComputeCpp Overview] section.
 
This guide will show you how to set up your environment for ComputeCpp then compile
and execute a simple code sample, this should take around 15 minutes. After that
you can examine the code and discover how ComputeCpp follows the OpenCL execution model.

For full information on ComputeCpp platform support you can read the link:{computecppIntegrationGuide}[Platform Support Notes].
 
==== Step 1: Download ComputeCpp Community Edition
If you have not already, link:{computecppDownload}[download the archive containg ComputeCpp] and extract it
somewhere on your computer.
Now clone the ComputeCpp package from GitHub that contains the sample code link:{computecppgithub}[here].

==== Step 2: Install any pre-requisite tools you do not already have
The pre-requisites for this guide are as follows, if you do not already have these 
environments installed you'll need to get them now. We don't provide a guide to 
setting up an OpenCL environment here, but there are plenty on the internet.

- CMake (version 3.2.2 and above)
- OpenCL 1.2-capable hardware and drivers with SPIR 1.2 support
- OpenCL ICD Loader
- OpenCL headers
- gcc (version 4.8 and above)

==== Step 2: Check your hardware support
ComputeCpp includes a tool called computecpp_info. This allows you to check whether
the hardware on your target machine is supported by ComputeCpp. It will also tell 
us if the pre-requisites have been met.
 
In a Terminal command line change to the "bin" folder in the location you extracted 
ComputeCpp to and type the command:
 
`>./computecpp_info`

The output of this command will look something like this.
 
```
********************************************************************************

ComputeCpp Info (CE 0.1.4)

********************************************************************************

Toolchain information:

GLIBCXX: 20150426
This version of libstdc++ is supported.

********************************************************************************


Device Info:

Discovered 1 devices matching:
  platform    : <any>
  device type : <any>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Device 0:

  Device is supported                     : YES - Tested internally by Codeplay Software Ltd.
  CL_DEVICE_NAME                          : Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6600U CPU @ 2.60GHz
  CL_DEVICE_VENDOR                        : Intel(R) Corporation
  CL_DRIVER_VERSION                       : 1.2.0.25
  CL_DEVICE_TYPE                          : CL_DEVICE_TYPE_CPU 
********************************************************************************
```
 
This output will show what CPUs or GPUs on your hardware that are supported by ComputeCpp.
There is also a guide for the computecpp_info tool, and a Supported Platforms guide.
 
==== Step 3: Set up the ComputeCpp build environment
The sample code for ComputeCpp is built using CMake (minimum v 3.2.2), you can find out
more about CMake link:{cmake}[here].
 
Most Linux platforms also offer CMake through a packaging system such as wget or apt-get making
it easy to install.
 
The CMake variable `COMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR` must be set in order to build with ComputeCpp.
  
This should be set to the root directory of the ComputeCpp install (i.e the directory
with the folders bin, include, lib)
 
==== Step 4: Build a ComputeCpp application
We’ll now build the simple_vector_add sample code, this application adds two vectors of
scalar type on a SYCL device.
 
First in the terminal change to the root directory of the package you cloned from GitHub.
This is the folder containing "samples" and "documents"

`mkdir build`

Now change into that directory

`cd build`

Then call cmake to build all the sample code in the package

`cmake ../samples -DCOMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR=/path/to/computecpp`


`make`

This will build the executable for the sample code.
 
==== Step 5: Execute a ComputeCpp application
In the "simple_vector_add" folder simply call the generated file to execute

`>cd simple_vector_add`
`>./simple_vector_add`
 
When successful you will see an ouput in the terminal window whether the programming
executed successfully or not.
 
==== Step 6: Modify a ComputeCpp application
This sample application adds two simple vectors together. These vectors are held in 
arrays within the code.

The application adds A and B together and puts the sum into C, and also adds D and E 
together and puts them in F.

Change some of the numbers in the arrays, build again using the `make` command and 
then execute again in the same way as in “Step 5.”
 
We now recommend that you find out more about how ComputeCpp application are 
structured in the link:{computecppAnatomyOfAnApp}[Anatomy Of A ComputeCpp Application] article.

You can also explore the other link:{computecppSamples}[Sample Code] applications and 
read the link:{computecppIntegrationGuide}[ComputeCpp Integration Guide].
