README.asciidoc, before:

ComputeCpp SDK Readme
=====================

image:https://www.codeplay.com/public/uploaded/public/computecpp_logo.png[ComputeCpp(TM)]

Introduction
------------

image:https://travis-ci.org/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk"]

This is the README for the ComputeCpp SDK, a collection of sample code,
utilities and tools for Codeplay's ComputeCpp, an implementation
of the SYCL programming standard. You can find more information at:

 * http://computecpp.codeplay.com/
 * http://sycl.tech/

Contents
--------

* CMakeLists.txt
    - The entry point for this project's CMake configuration. Adds samples/
      subdirectory and optionally adds tests.
* LICENSE.txt
    - The license this package is available under: Apache 2.0
* README.adoc
    - This readme file
* cmake/
    - Contains a Cmake module for integrating ComputeCpp with existing
      projects. See later in this document for a description of the CMake
      module provided.
* include/
    - add this directory to your include search path to be able to use SDK
      code in your own projects (for example, the virtual pointer utility).
* samples/
    - A collection of sample SYCL code, tested on ComputeCpp, provided as
      a learning resource and starting point for new SYCL software. The
      samples are built with CMake.
* tests/
    - Tests for the utilities in the SDK.
* tools/
    - Useful tools for working with SYCL code and ComputeCpp. Includes a
      simple driver script for compiling SYCL code with ComputeCpp, an
      example Makefile and other utilities.
* util/
    - Example utility code that we expect will be useful for other projects
      as a useful starting point.

Setup
-----

CMake files are provided as a build system for this software. CMake version
3.2.2 is required at minimum, though later versions of CMake should continue
to be compatible.

At minimum, one CMake variable is required to get the sample code
building - COMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR. This variable should be the root
directory of the ComputeCpp install (i.e. the directory with the the folders
bin, include, lib and so on). You can also specify COMPUTECPP_SDK_BUILD_TESTS
to add the tests/ subdirectory to the build, which will causes Gtest-based
programs testing the legacy pointer and virtual pointer classes to be
emitted.

You can additionally specify CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE and CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX to
choose a Debug or Release build and the location you'd like to be used when
the "install" target is built. The install target currently will copy all
the sample binaries to the directory of your choosing.

On the Codeplay website there is a
link:https://developer.codeplay.com/computecppce/latest/getting-started-guide[
getting started guide] that serves as an introduction to SYCL and ComputeCpp.
Additionally, there is an
link:https://developer.codeplay.com/computecppce/latest/integration-guide[
Integration guide] should you wish to add ComputeCpp to existing projects.

Requirements
------------

* The samples should work with any SYCL 1.2 implementation, though have
  only been tested with the ComputeCpp CE Public Beta

* OpenCL 1.2-capable hardware and drivers with SPIR 1.2/SPIR-V support

* pass:[C++11-compliant compiler and libstdc++ on GNU/Linux (GCC 4.9+,
  Clang 3.6+)]

* Microsoft Visual pass:[C++] 2015 on Windows

* CMake 3.2.2 and newer

Troubleshooting
---------------

The sample code should compile without error on our supported platforms.
If you run into trouble, or think you have found a bug, we have a JIRA
Service Desk available through the https://computecpp.codeplay.com/[ComputeCpp
website].

Frequently Asked Questions
--------------------------

We have a link:https://developer.codeplay.com/computecppce/latest/faq[FAQ
document] available online.

Maintainers
-----------

This SDK is maintained by https://www.codeplay.com/[Codeplay Software Ltd.]
If you have any problems, please contact mailto:sycl@codeplay.com[].

Acknowledgements
----------------

This repository contains code written by Sean Barrett (stb_image code in the
Gaussian blur sample) and Charles Salvia (the stack allocator used in the
smart pointer sample). Please see the files for their respective licences.

Contributions
-------------

This SDK is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. Patches are very welcome!
If you have an idea for a new sample, different build system integration or
even a fix for something that is broken, please get in contact.

Commit message:

Expose OpenMP support in samples in CMake (#103)
The matrix-multiply sample has some OpenMP code for comparison's
sake, but there was no way to enable it through our configuration.
This changeset allows the user to request OpenMP support for the matmul.

README.asciidoc, after:

ComputeCpp SDK Readme
=====================

image:https://www.codeplay.com/public/uploaded/public/computecpp_logo.png[ComputeCpp(TM)]

Introduction
------------

image:https://travis-ci.org/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/codeplaysoftware/computecpp-sdk"]

This is the README for the ComputeCpp SDK, a collection of sample code,
utilities and tools for Codeplay's ComputeCpp, an implementation
of the SYCL programming standard. You can find more information at:

 * http://computecpp.codeplay.com/
 * http://sycl.tech/

Contents
--------

* CMakeLists.txt
    - The entry point for this project's CMake configuration. Adds samples/
      subdirectory and optionally adds tests.
* LICENSE.txt
    - The license this package is available under: Apache 2.0
* README.adoc
    - This readme file
* cmake/
    - Contains a Cmake module for integrating ComputeCpp with existing
      projects. See later in this document for a description of the CMake
      module provided.
* include/
    - add this directory to your include search path to be able to use SDK
      code in your own projects (for example, the virtual pointer utility).
* samples/
    - A collection of sample SYCL code, tested on ComputeCpp, provided as
      a learning resource and starting point for new SYCL software. The
      samples are built with CMake.
* tests/
    - Tests for the utilities in the SDK.
* tools/
    - Useful tools for working with SYCL code and ComputeCpp. Includes a
      simple driver script for compiling SYCL code with ComputeCpp, an
      example Makefile and other utilities.
* util/
    - Example utility code that we expect will be useful for other projects
      as a useful starting point.

Setup
-----

CMake files are provided as a build system for this software. CMake version
3.2.2 is required at minimum, though later versions of CMake should continue
to be compatible.

At minimum, one CMake variable is required to get the sample code
building - COMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR. This variable should be the root
directory of the ComputeCpp install (i.e. the directory with the the folders
bin, include, lib and so on). You can also specify COMPUTECPP_SDK_BUILD_TESTS
to add the tests/ subdirectory to the build, which will causes Gtest-based
programs testing the legacy pointer and virtual pointer classes to be
emitted. Some samples have optional OpenMP support. You can enable it by
setting COMPUTECPP_SDK_USE_OPENMP to ON in CMake.

You can additionally specify CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE and CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX to
choose a Debug or Release build and the location you'd like to be used when
the "install" target is built. The install target currently will copy all
the sample binaries to the directory of your choosing.

On the Codeplay website there is a
link:https://developer.codeplay.com/computecppce/latest/getting-started-guide[
getting started guide] that serves as an introduction to SYCL and ComputeCpp.
Additionally, there is an
link:https://developer.codeplay.com/computecppce/latest/integration-guide[
Integration guide] should you wish to add ComputeCpp to existing projects.

Requirements
------------

* The samples should work with any SYCL 1.2 implementation, though have
  only been tested with the ComputeCpp CE Public Beta

* OpenCL 1.2-capable hardware and drivers with SPIR 1.2/SPIR-V support

* pass:[C++11-compliant compiler and libstdc++ on GNU/Linux (GCC 4.9+,
  Clang 3.6+)]

* Microsoft Visual pass:[C++] 2015 on Windows

* CMake 3.2.2 and newer

Troubleshooting
---------------

The sample code should compile without error on our supported platforms.
If you run into trouble, or think you have found a bug, we have a JIRA
Service Desk available through the https://computecpp.codeplay.com/[ComputeCpp
website].

Frequently Asked Questions
--------------------------

We have a link:https://developer.codeplay.com/computecppce/latest/faq[FAQ
document] available online.

Maintainers
-----------

This SDK is maintained by https://www.codeplay.com/[Codeplay Software Ltd.]
If you have any problems, please contact mailto:sycl@codeplay.com[].

Acknowledgements
----------------

This repository contains code written by Sean Barrett (stb_image code in the
Gaussian blur sample) and Charles Salvia (the stack allocator used in the
smart pointer sample). Please see the files for their respective licences.

Contributions
-------------

This SDK is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. Patches are very welcome!
If you have an idea for a new sample, different build system integration or
even a fix for something that is broken, please get in contact.
