include/vptr/README.adoc, before:

Software Managed Virtual Pointer
================================

This folder contains the implementation of a software-managed virtual pointer
that facilitates a raw pointer interface for SYCL buffers. This virtual address
space is non-dereferenceable on the host, but accessors can be obtained in the
SYCL command groups.

This differs from the legacy_pointer interface in that a contiguous virtual
address space of sizeof(size_t) bits is created. When allocating a buffer using
*SYCLmalloc*, a virtual address in the range of 1 to 2<sup>sizeof(size_t)<sup> is
returned. This is, in practice, a number that identifies a certain SYCL buffer.
The pointer can be offset, so that positions inside a given buffer can be
identified and passed around in higher-level functions. This enables pointer
arithmetic on the virtual addresses. From any virtual pointer address, the
methods `get_buffer` and `get_offset` can always be used to retrieve the SYCL
buffer associated with it, together with the offset from the base address of
the given buffer.

[source,cpp]
--
// Create the Pointer Mapper structure
PointerMapper pMap;
// Create a SYCL buffer of 10 floats
// This pointer is a number that identifies the buffer
// in the pointer mapper structure
float * a = static_cast<float *>(SYCLmalloc(10 * sizeof(float), pMap));
// Create a SYCL buffer of 25 integers
int * b = static_cast<int *>(SYCLmalloc(25 * sizeof(int), pMap));
// Create a pointer to the 5th element
// This simply adds 5 * sizeof(float *) to the base address.
float * c = a + 5;
// Retrieve the buffer
assert(pMap.get_buffer(a) == pMap.get_buffer(c))
// Substracting the value of the offset from the base address of the
// buffer recovers the offset into it
assert(pMap.get_offset(c) == 5 * sizeof(float))

// Invalid usage: no-dereference on the host
// float myVal = *c;
// Valid access on host: Use host-accessor
{
  auto syclAcc = pMap.get_buffer(a).get_access<access::mode::read>();
  float myVal = syclAcc[0];
}

// Free the pointers
SYCLfree(a, pMap);
SYCLfree(b, pMap);
--

Developers looking for a simple replacement of malloc/free functions should
use the Legacy Pointer interface. In situations where developers need
complete addressing of the entire device memory space, developers should
use this software-managed virtual pointer.

Note that multiple PointerMapper objects can be instantiated simultaneously.

Usage
-----

Include the _virtual_ptr_ header file in your program.
Replace your device *malloc* and *free* operations with *codeplay::SYCLmalloc*
and *codeplay::SYCLfree*. These functions are not thread-safe, even though
the underlying SYCL buffer objects are thread-safe.

To retrieve the SYCL buffer from the virtual pointer, use the
*codeplay::PointerMapper::get_buffer* function. The offset into the SYCL buffer
on the device side can be retrieved using the
*codeplay::PointerMapper::get_offset* function.

See the tests for basic usage examples.
Note that the pointer cannot be dereferenced on the host, but host accessors
can be constructed once the buffer is retrieved.

Experimental ComputeCpp Integration
-----------------------------------

ComputeCpp 0.2.1 and above supports integration with the PointerMapper.
This is an experimental feature at the moment, and not intended for
general usage. To enable testing of the experimental interface support,
pass COMPUTECPP_INTERFACE=ON to the cmake configuration line.


Building tests
--------------

1. mkdir build
2. cd build
3. cmake ../ -DCOMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR=/path/to/computecpp/package \
   -DCOMPUTECPP_SDK_BUILD_TESTS=1
4. make

Commit message:

Handle alloc of size zero in vptr (#110)
* Update vptr to handle zero-size allocations
* Add alloc_zero test

include/vptr/README.adoc, after:

Software Managed Virtual Pointer
================================

This folder contains the implementation of a software-managed virtual pointer
that facilitates a raw pointer interface for SYCL buffers. This virtual address
space is non-dereferenceable on the host, but accessors can be obtained in the
SYCL command groups.

This differs from the legacy_pointer interface in that a contiguous virtual
address space of sizeof(size_t) bits is created. When allocating a buffer using
*SYCLmalloc*, a virtual address in the range of 1 to 2<sup>sizeof(size_t)<sup> is
returned. This is, in practice, a number that identifies a certain SYCL buffer.
The pointer can be offset, so that positions inside a given buffer can be
identified and passed around in higher-level functions. This enables pointer
arithmetic on the virtual addresses. From any virtual pointer address, the
methods `get_buffer` and `get_offset` can always be used to retrieve the SYCL
buffer associated with it, together with the offset from the base address of
the given buffer.

[source,cpp]
--
// Create the Pointer Mapper structure
PointerMapper pMap;
// Create a SYCL buffer of 10 floats
// This pointer is a number that identifies the buffer
// in the pointer mapper structure
float * a = static_cast<float *>(SYCLmalloc(10 * sizeof(float), pMap));
// Create a SYCL buffer of 25 integers
int * b = static_cast<int *>(SYCLmalloc(25 * sizeof(int), pMap));
// Create a pointer to the 5th element
// This simply adds 5 * sizeof(float *) to the base address.
float * c = a + 5;
// Retrieve the buffer
assert(pMap.get_buffer(a) == pMap.get_buffer(c))
// Substracting the value of the offset from the base address of the
// buffer recovers the offset into it
assert(pMap.get_offset(c) == 5 * sizeof(float))

// Invalid usage: no-dereference on the host
// float myVal = *c;
// Valid access on host: Use host-accessor
{
  auto syclAcc = pMap.get_buffer(a).get_access<access::mode::read>();
  float myVal = syclAcc[0];
}

// Free the pointers
SYCLfree(a, pMap);
SYCLfree(b, pMap);
--

Developers looking for a simple replacement of malloc/free functions should
use the Legacy Pointer interface. In situations where developers need
complete addressing of the entire device memory space, developers should
use this software-managed virtual pointer.

Note that multiple PointerMapper objects can be instantiated simultaneously.

Usage
-----

Include the _virtual_ptr_ header file in your program.
Replace your device *malloc* and *free* operations with *codeplay::SYCLmalloc*
and *codeplay::SYCLfree*. These functions are not thread-safe, even though
the underlying SYCL buffer objects are thread-safe.

To retrieve the SYCL buffer from the virtual pointer, use the
*codeplay::PointerMapper::get_buffer* function. The offset into the SYCL buffer
on the device side can be retrieved using the
*codeplay::PointerMapper::get_offset* function.
A pointer of size zero can be malloc'ed and free'd but will throw an exception
if accessed.

See the tests for basic usage examples.
Note that the pointer cannot be dereferenced on the host, but host accessors
can be constructed once the buffer is retrieved.

Experimental ComputeCpp Integration
-----------------------------------

ComputeCpp 0.2.1 and above supports integration with the PointerMapper.
This is an experimental feature at the moment, and not intended for
general usage. To enable testing of the experimental interface support,
pass COMPUTECPP_INTERFACE=ON to the cmake configuration line.


Building tests
--------------

1. mkdir build
2. cd build
3. cmake ../ -DCOMPUTECPP_PACKAGE_ROOT_DIR=/path/to/computecpp/package \
   -DCOMPUTECPP_SDK_BUILD_TESTS=1
4. make
